README.md, before:

# glazes

---

## This Document

This is a LaTeX typesetting of the book *Glazes - for the Self-reliant Potter*.

This document was typeset by Erik Haugsby from the freely available source 
material provided by the CD3WD:

http://www.fastonline.org/CD3WD_40/CD3WD/APPRTECH/G17GLE/EN/B483.HTM

Citation for the original print edition:

>Norsker, Henrik, and James Danisch. *Glazes - for the Self-reliant Potter: A* 
>    *Publication of Deutsches Zentrum Für Entwicklungstechnologien - GATE, a*
>    *Division of the Deutsche Gesellschaft Für Technische Zusammenarbeit (GTZ)* 
>    *GmbH.* Braunschweig: Vieweg, 1993.

>DOI: 10.1007/978-3-663-06865-5
>
>ISBN: 9783663068655 (online) 9783528020675 (print)

---

## Scope and Purpose

This document attempts to replicate the source material and present it in a more 
accessible structure.

As the source material is freely available online and the cost of a print version 
of this text is prohibitively high, I believe this document is an important 
contribution to the collective knowledge of potters. 

It improves upon the HTML version of the information by consolidating all sections 
into a single document, which is both viewable on the computer and can also be
printed. Furthermore, it introduces clickable links/references between sections, 
tables, and images.

It is also the first time (as far as I am aware) that information in some of the 
appendices, for example the tables of cones and their temperature equivalents, 
is publically available in LaTeX-format tables.

---

## Potential Errors, Omissions

I have attempted to preserve the original text and formatting. 

Some changes to formatting, especially of tables, was unavoidable due to the 
LaTeX typesetting.

Some corrections were made to spelling and grammar.

The possibility of minor or unavoidable changes in layout and formatting, as 
well as unintentional errors in transcribing the original text, cannot be 
excluded.

---

## TODO

(18.01.2019) This typsetting is not to be considered complete. 

Notably, I have yet to finish creating many of the appendices and their tables. 

- [ ] 1: Glaze Recipes
- [ ] 2: Color Pigments
- [ ] 3: Elements Oxides
- [ ] 4: Common Materials
- [ ] 5: Chemical Analysis of Materials
- [ ] 6: Standard Sieves
- [ ] 7: Seger Cone Formulas
- [x] 8: Seger Cone Temperature Equivalents
- [x] 9: Orton Cone Temperature Equivalents
- [x] 10: Conversion Pint US/UK
- [x] 11: Density
- [x] 12: Dry Content of Liquid
- [x] 13: Twaddell Scale
- [x] 14: Properties of Fuel
- [ ] 15: Metric System
- [ ] 16: Temperature Conversion

---

## Input

Should you wish to complete any of these appendices, please do so.

Should you find any errors or omissions, I would greatly appreciate you either 
notifying me by email (e@erikhaugsby.com), or initiating a pull request.

Link to GitHub project: https://github.com/erikhaugsby/glazes/

---

Commit message:

someone else already did the appendices

README.md, after:

# glazes

---

## This Document

This is a LaTeX typesetting of the book *Glazes - for the Self-reliant Potter*.

This document was typeset by Erik Haugsby from the freely available source 
material provided by the CD3WD:

http://www.fastonline.org/CD3WD_40/CD3WD/APPRTECH/G17GLE/EN/B483.HTM

Citation for the original print edition:

>Norsker, Henrik, and James Danisch. *Glazes - for the Self-reliant Potter: A* 
>    *Publication of Deutsches Zentrum Für Entwicklungstechnologien - GATE, a*
>    *Division of the Deutsche Gesellschaft Für Technische Zusammenarbeit (GTZ)* 
>    *GmbH.* Braunschweig: Vieweg, 1993.

>DOI: 10.1007/978-3-663-06865-5
>
>ISBN: 9783663068655 (online) 9783528020675 (print)

---

## Scope and Purpose

This document attempts to replicate the source material and present it in a more 
accessible structure.

As the source material is freely available online and the cost of a print version 
of this text is prohibitively high, I believe this document is an important 
contribution to the collective knowledge of potters. 

It improves upon the HTML version of the information by consolidating all sections 
into a single document, which is both viewable on the computer and can also be
printed. Furthermore, it introduces clickable links/references between sections, 
tables, and images.

It is also the first time (as far as I am aware) that information in some of the 
appendices, for example the tables of cones and their temperature equivalents, 
is publically available in LaTeX-format tables.

---

## Potential Errors, Omissions

I have attempted to preserve the original text and formatting. 

Some changes to formatting, especially of tables, was unavoidable due to the 
LaTeX typesetting.

Some corrections were made to spelling and grammar.

The possibility of minor or unavoidable changes in layout and formatting, as 
well as unintentional errors in transcribing the original text, cannot be 
excluded.

---

## TODO

(18.01.2019) This typsetting is not to be considered complete. 

Notably, I have yet to finish creating many of the appendices and their tables. 

- [ ] 1: Glaze Recipes
- [ ] 2: Color Pigments
- [ ] 3: Elements Oxides
- [ ] 4: Common Materials
- [ ] 5: Chemical Analysis of Materials
- [ ] 6: Standard Sieves
- [ ] 7: Seger Cone Formulas
- [x] 8: Seger Cone Temperature Equivalents
- [x] 9: Orton Cone Temperature Equivalents
- [x] 10: Conversion Pint US/UK
- [x] 11: Density
- [x] 12: Dry Content of Liquid
- [x] 13: Twaddell Scale
- [x] 14: Properties of Fuel
- [ ] 15: Metric System
- [ ] 16: Temperature Conversion

Incidentally, the appendices are also available as a PDF from Springer Nature Switzerland AG:

https://link.springer.com/content/pdf/bbm%3A978-3-663-06865-5%2F1.pdf

---

## Input

Should you wish to complete any of these appendices, please do so.

Should you find any errors or omissions, I would greatly appreciate you either 
notifying me by email (e@erikhaugsby.com), or initiating a pull request.

Link to GitHub project: https://github.com/erikhaugsby/glazes/

---
